feat: support event bridge (#4188)
philips-labs/terraform-aws-github-runner: docs/index.md

### Webhook

> The moment a GitHub action workflow requiring a `self-hosted` runner is triggered, GitHub will try to find a runner which can execute the workload. See [additional notes](additional_notes.md) for how the selection is made. The module can be deployed in two modes. One mode called `direct`, after accepting the [`workflow_job` event](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/developers/webhooks-and-events/webhook-events-and-payloads#workflow_job) event the module will dispatch the event to a SQS queue on which the scale-up function will act. The second mode, `eventbridge` will funnel events via the AWS EventBridge. the EventBridge enables act on other events then only the `workflow_job` event with status `queued`. besides that the EventBridge suppors replay functionality. For future exenstions to act on events or create a data lake we will relay on the EventBridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The moment a GitHub action workflow requiring a `self-hosted` runner is triggered, GitHub will try to find a runner which can execute the workload. See [additional notes](additional_notes.md) for how the selection is made. The module can be deployed in two modes. One mode called `direct`, after accepting the [`workflow_job` event](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/developers/webhooks-and-events/webhook-events-and-payloads#workflow_job) event the module will dispatch the event to a SQS queue on which the scale-up function will act. The second mode, `eventbridge` will funnel events via the AWS EventBridge. the EventBridge enables act on other events then only the `workflow_job` event with status `queued`. besides that the EventBridge supports replay functionality. For future extensions to act on events or create a data lake we will relay on the EventBridge.
```

> The moment a GitHub action workflow requiring a `self-hosted` runner is triggered, GitHub will try to find a runner which can execute the workload. See [additional notes](additional_notes.md) for how the selection is made. The module can be deployed in two modes. One mode called `direct`, after accepting the [`workflow_job` event](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/developers/webhooks-and-events/webhook-events-and-payloads#workflow_job) event the module will dispatch the event to a SQS queue on which the scale-up function will act. The second mode, `eventbridge` will funnel events via the AWS EventBridge. the EventBridge enables act on other events then only the `workflow_job` event with status `queued`. besides that the EventBridge suppors replay functionality. For futurue exenstions to act on events or create a data lake we will relay on the EventBridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The moment a GitHub action workflow requiring a `self-hosted` runner is triggered, GitHub will try to find a runner which can execute the workload. See [additional notes](additional_notes.md) for how the selection is made. The module can be deployed in two modes. One mode called `direct`, after accepting the [`workflow_job` event](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/developers/webhooks-and-events/webhook-events-and-payloads#workflow_job) event the module will dispatch the event to a SQS queue on which the scale-up function will act. The second mode, `eventbridge` will funnel events via the AWS EventBridge. the EventBridge enables act on other events then only the `workflow_job` event with status `queued`. besides that the EventBridge suppors replay functionality. For future exenstions to act on events or create a data lake we will relay on the EventBridge.
```
